Zein Mera
Professor Nathan Hishon
CISC 3300
20 February 2024

1. What is javascript? How does an interpreted programming language differ from a
compiled language?
        Javascript is an object-oriented language, which is used to calculate, manipulate, and validate data; update and change
    HTML and CSS; and to create and control interractive and dynamic features of a website. Javascript is an interpreted language,
    which differs from a compiled language because instructions from interpreted languages are read and executed by another 
    program, rather than the machine. Interpreted languages execute intstructions directly and freely, without compiling them
    into machine-language. 

2. What is the difference between var, let, and const when declaring variables?
        When declaring variables, the var keyword declares globally-scoped or function-scoped variables, and should only be used when 
    writing code for older browsers. The let keyword declares block-scoped, local variables, and allow for the values stored in
    the variable to change. Variables declared with the const keyword are also block-scoped and local, but cannot be changed once
    initialized. Variables declared with "let" and "const" will be out of scope if accessed outside the block it was declared in.

3. What are anonymous functions? Higher order functions?
        In Javascript, anonymous functions are functions without names. Anonymous functions can declared either or without the 
    function keyword; and in the case where they are declared without the function keyword, anonymous functions call themselves. 
    Normally, anonymous functions cannot be called after initialization. Anonymous functions can be stored in variables, and
    (in the occasion they are) can be called through the variable. Anonymous functions can also be passed as parameters to other
    functions. Higher order functions are functions that can accept functions as parameters, and/or return a function. Higher
    order functions commonly accept anonymous functions as parameters, and anonymous functions can be high-order if they meet
    the requirements.

4. Define objects in JavaScript and how they are different from objects in more traditional
OOP languages.
        Objects in Javascript are similar to variables, except they can contain many different values. Like objects in more
    traditional OOP languages, objects are composed of properties and methods, serve as containers for data via properties, and
    facilitate he manipulation and access of that data through function methods. Unlike objects in C++, objects can be initialized
    in the definition of the object, without the use of methods. An object can be accessed directly through the object name if
    initalized in the defintion, or accessed through the dot operator. Objects can be stored and accessed through a variable, if
    declared through the new keyword, similar to the uses of new variables and objects in C++. If ann object is declared in this
    manner, then its properties and methods can be accessed through the dot operator. 
