Zein Mera 
Professor Nathan Hishon
CISC 3300
29 January 2024

Homework 1
1. What happens from the time a user puts a URL into their browser to when they are able
to view a webpage? - Briefly define ISP, URL, DNS, web server.
    Computers are connected to the Internet through an ISP, or an Internet Service Providers. The Internet can be search through the
    use of a URL, or Unified Resource Locator. Every website has a URL containing the domain name and path to a specific page. The 
    computer then contacts the DNS, or Domain Name System. The DNS is a network of servers containing the IP addresses associated 
    with a requested domain name. IP addresses are separated by up to 12 digits, separated by periods and full stops, unique to 
    every device connected to the Internet. The unique IP address returned to the computer allows the computer’s browser to contact
    the web server. Web servers are computer constantly connected to the Internet, and et up especially to send websites to users.
    The web server then sends the page requested back to the browser. 

2. What is html? What does it do?
    HTML is the code, which a computer interprets in order to create a readable website. 

3. Access https://www.fordham.edu/. In your own words, describe how this webpage uses structure to convey meaning and navigation
 options to the user.
    The Fordham website uses a dropdown-like structure to convey navigation options to the user regarding information and student
    resources. However, the resources section is small, located towards the top of the website, and itself is difficult to navigate
    unless a user is already familar. Fordham's website primarily uses images and text to showcase for viewers Fordham's location, 
    student life, and facilities. For example, the website features pictures of Times Square and Central Park to convey the fact
    that Fordham's Lincoln Center campus is located in the heart of Manhattan, along with the motto "Fordham is my school, New York
    is my campus." The website also features photos of Rose Hill's student life and facilities to convey to users the fact that 
    Fordham is able to provide students with a traditional college campus and experience in New York City. 

4. What is an html element? Tag? Attribute?
    HTML is made up of HTML elements. An element is made up of characters between angled brackets (e.g. <p> </p>). Elements are made
    up of two tags:  opening (<p>) and closing (</p>). Each HTML element tells the browser something about the information that sits 
    between its opening and closing tags. Attributes provide additional information about the contents of an element. They appear on 
    the opening tag of the element and are made up of two parts: a name and a value, separated by an equals sign. 
