Zein Mera
Professor Nathan Hishon
CISC 3300
29 January 2024

1. Define structural vs semantic meaning in regard to HTML elements.
    Structural HTML elements are elements that designers can use to describe both headings and paragraphs. Semantic HTML elements
    provide extra information about a website, while providing the same visuals as structural elements.

2. Why is it important to use correct html elements when designing web pages?
    The use of correct HTML elements when designing website is important because of communication and accessibility. Proper use of
    HTML elements conveys the meaning of a website's content. Proper use of HTML elements also allows for people with disabilities 
    to access content online. For example, screen readers use semantic elements to determine sentance emphasis when assisting 
    visually impaired users. Using correct HTML elements, also allows designers to supply information about websites to search 
    engines, through the use of elements describing the website, and including keywords for search results. 

    he <meta> tag allows you to supply all kinds of information about your web page.


3. What are forms in html? What is their purpose? When would you use one?
    In HTML, forms refer to different elements that allow designers to collect information from users of a website. Their purpose
    is to allow users to input and submit data in a structured manner. One would use forms whenever data collection, user 
    interraction, or data submission is required. Examples of forms would be the use of a checkbox, dropdown menus, text boxes, 
    text input, password input, file upload, submit buttons, etc. 

4. Define and contrast inline vs block elements.
    Block elements are elements are elements that appear to start on a new line in the browser. Block elements take up the full
    available width on a window, creating a rectangular representation of information. Inline elements are elements that continue on
    the same line as adjacent elements. Inline elements only take up the width necessary to display its contents on a window. Inline
    elements do not force a newline between elements. The difference between these two types of text elements is in the width-used, 
    and the new lines created between elements. 

